Update README.md (#102)
katherinepeterson/readme.so: README.md

- [dnd kit](https://dndkit.com/)
- [react-markdown](https://github.com/remarkjs/react-markdown)

> ## Installing/Updating NextJS:

Author: I can fine tune this section a bit if need be.

> First step is being sure your running the latest [NEXTJS](https://github.com/vercel/next.js):

Reviewer: Just a couple wording/capitalization improvements:
```suggestion
The first step is to make sure you're running the latest [Next.js](https://github.com/vercel/next.js):
```

Author: Great suggestions, thank you

`npm install next` or `npm update next`

> Most likely you should just be able to update here instead of installing as it should already be installed.

Reviewer: What does "here" refer to in this sentence? That isn't very clear to me.

Also, I'd suggest adding a comma after "installing", to make the sentence structure more evident.
